# project-report
**Day-1**
--

I'm very glad to do project with my teachers and my mates.Firstly what I have to do as told by my mentor is to do installation of **Moodle**. So for that I downloaded the **XAMPP** by which I can setup the php and mysql platform for the moodle app.And after that with help of xampp application I'm able to start moodle app.Our team took much time for installation because at time of execution there was timeout error while installing moodle application.I setup all the required things but when I load the webpage the starting steps was going very smoothly but when it reaches its last step to install all the database then the error comes that the setion was timeout I found that there was some site error but i was wrong. I set up the error by going to config in apache in xampp control panel, there I edited the time limit and extends it by which I was able to load the installation page. After that I used the bitnami moodle to create login and stated the app. And when the installation process was completed the happiness was ultimate for team and mentors.After installation the work assigned was to read the database for moodle application from php.And started understanding the database.The database having about 200+ table.The table I started was the course table.By which I able to understand how to add courses to my application.
The main motive for our project is to get the attainment of each course outcome and then the attainment of final course, by which we can calculate the course attainment by the individual student.

**Day-2**
--

We are assigned to a task in which we have to check that if we make changes in our moodle app the what changes are made add the backend in phpmyadmin moodle tables <http://localhost/phpmyadmin/db_structure.php?server=1&db=bitnami_moodle> this link has moodle database in which we can see the changes. Firstly I created the user and assign myself as role of teacher. When users are enrolled then the I saw changes in table ** And after that I created the course and enrolled teacher and student in the course. After course enrollment I firstly created the quiz in topic 1 and assigned to student. After assigning quiz   
